ERPNext is a 100% open source full-featured business management solution that helps bisinesses to record all their business transactions in a single system.
The system supports multiple domains such as Manufacturing, Distribution, Services, Retail, Education, Healthcare, Agriculture, and Non-profit.
ERPNext will assist you in keeping track of all invoices and payments. Find out how many of each product are currently in stock. Make a list of your critical performance indicators and keep track of them (KPIs). Determine the status of open client inquiries. Manage the payroll of your employees. Assign tasks and keep track of them. Keep track of all of your customers, suppliers, and contacts in a database. Quotation to be prepared and followed up on. Keep track of your spending and budgeting.ERPNext is an amazing enterprise resource planning software the tool is very stable, completely scalable, and simple to manage and implement and its ability to provide solutions in any environment makes it an user friendly platform for improving work performance.

The following are ERPNext's best features

Accounting

You get a fully-featured accounting module that covers all part of bookkeeping, from cash flow tracking to making financial reports that indicate income, expenditure, profit, and important accounting element.

HR and payroll

Track every employee's life cycle, including their start date, termination date, hours worked, wages,leave applications and net pay, all from one place.

Manufacturing

Manage pricing, plan and track inventories, and manage job forms by e-signing bills of materials.

Customer relationship management (CRM)

Keep track of the entire sales process and devise strategies for gaining new clients and leads.

Help desk

Manage tickets and track both solutions and customer satisfaction levels to effectively assess and manage the entire support process. You have the option to view reports that help identify where your support process might need improvement.

Quality Management Module 

Quality assurance of team performance, company procedures, goals and objectives, customer service and support, productivity, tracking methods, reviewing, and operational efficiency are all possible with the quality management module. Actions, quality procedures, quality goals, and evaluations are some of the characteristics covered in this module.

Sales and purchases modules

With ERPNext’s sales and purchases module, you have the ability to increase your productivity while maintaining lower expenses by effectively managing your sales and purchases cycles, from the purchase stage to sales orders. The selling aspect covers a variety of sales operations, including quotations and delivery tracking. The buying aspect, on the other hand, covers material acquisition, purchase orders and supplier quotes.The sale module works in tandem with the CRM.

Customization and Integrations

Because ERPNext is an open-source system, it allows for a lot of customization and integration. With print formats, custom scripts, custom fields, and other features, you can quickly personalize your ERPNext platform.

Website and portal

ERPNext's website and portals module offers a feature-rich content management solution for web pages, blogs, and online forms. With the platform's built-in portal, you can manage your business website, shopping cart, web forms, product and service catalog.

ERPNext software can be installed on-premises or in the cloud on platforms like google cloud and amazon web services(AWS), depending on the needs of the organization. If there are compatible servers already in place it can be installed there and accessed via the web. ERPNext being web-based software it is  accessible  via  Windows, Linux, iOS, or Android devices.

ERPNext provides support and maintenance on various packages depending on the type of subscription. Quest ERP Solutions, based in Sandton City, Johannesburg, South Africa, provides 24/7 and custom service level agreements, consultancy services, and ERPNext training. The following are some of support services:

    1. Bug fix warranty 
    2. Upgrade Support
    3. In App Support 
    4. Product Support 
    5. Migrations
    6. Security Alerts 


In a nutshell,ERPNext was designed to achieve business compliance in the shortest possible time and the most efficient way. 
Companies that have migrated to ERPNext have reduced by over 50% their expenditure on software.

